Integrate relationship to threat modeling (#1575)
OWASP/CheatSheetSeries: cheatsheets/Abuse_Case_Cheat_Sheet.md

#### Notion of Abuse Cases

> You can think of **Abuse cases** in two ways. The first is to discover attacks (answer the question `what can go wrong'), and the second is to help record those attacks (informally, this includes threats, issues, risks) in a form that may be less intimidating to developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can think of **Abuse cases** in two ways. The first is to discover attacks (answer the question "what can go wrong"), and the second is to help record those attacks (informally, this includes threats, issues, risks) in a form that may be less intimidating to developers.
```

There are many different ways to define the list of abuse cases for a feature (that can be mapped to a user story in agile projects).

> [Threat Modeling](https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Threat_Modeling_Cheat_Sheet.html) is a set of techniques for anticipating what can go wrong, and ensuring we do something about each. Taking each item on the list of 'what are we going to do about it' and writing an abuse case may help your engineering teams process the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Threat Modeling](https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Threat_Modeling_Cheat_Sheet.html) is a set of techniques for anticipating what can go wrong, and ensuring we do something about each identified possible scenario. Taking each item on the list of "what are we going to do about it" and writing an abuse case may help your engineering teams process the output.
```
